Add subsection about the Taxonomy Enrichment task (#581)
sebastianruder/NLP-progress: english/taxonomy_learning.md

|SJTU BCMI (Zhang et al., 2018) | 4.71 | 9.15 | 4.91 | [Neural Hypernym Discovery with Term Embeddings](http://aclweb.org/anthology/S18-1147) |
|ADAPT (Maldonado and Klubička, 2018) | 2.63 | 7.46 | 2.64 | [Skip-Gram Word Embeddings for Unsupervised Hypernym Discovery in Specialised Corpora ](http://aclweb.org/anthology/S18-1151) |
|balAPInc (Shwartz et al., 2017) | 1.95 | 5.01 | 2.15 | [Hypernyms under Siege: Linguistically-motivated Artillery for Hypernymy Detection](http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/E17-1007) |

## Taxonomy Enrichment

> Given words that are not included in a taxonomy, the task is associate each query word with the appropriate hypernyms from it. For instance, given an input word “milk” we need to provide a list of the most probable hypernyms the word could be attached to, e.g. “dairy product”, “beverage”. A word may have multiple hypernyms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given words that are not included in a taxonomy, the task is to associate each query word with its appropriate hypernyms. For instance, given an input word “milk” we need to provide a list of the most probable hypernyms the word could be attached to, e.g. “dairy product”, “beverage”. A word may have multiple hypernyms.
```

### Datasets

#### SemEval 2016 Task 14

> The SemEval-2016 Task 14 aims to enrich the WordNet taxonomy with new words and word senses. A system's task is to identify the WordNet synset to which the new word sense should be merged (i.e., the term is synonymous with those in the synset) or added as a hyponym (i.e., the new word sense is a specialization of an exisiting word sense).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SemEval-2016 Task 14 aims to enrich the WordNet taxonomy with new words and word senses. A system's task is to identify the WordNet synset with which the new word sense should be merged (i.e., the term is synonymous with those in the synset) or added as a hyponym (i.e., the new word sense is a specialization of an exisiting word sense).
```

|TALN (Anke et al., 2016) |0.360| 0.476| 1.000| 0.645|[Semantic Taxonomy Enrichment Via Sense-Based Embeddings](https://aclanthology.org/S16-1208/)|
|VCU (McInnes, 2016) |0.161 |0.432 |0.997| 0.602|[Evaluating definitional-based similarity measure for semantic taxonomy enrichment](https://aclanthology.org/S16-1212/)|
|Duluth (Pedersen, 2016) |0.043| 0.347| 1.000| 0.515|[Extending Gloss Overlaps to Enrich Semantic Taxonomies](https://aclanthology.org/S16-1207/)|
|Deftor (Tanev and Rotondi, 2016) |0.066| 0.347| 0.987| 0.513|[Taxonomy Enrichment using Definition Vectors](https://aclanthology.org/S16-1210)|
|UMNDuluth (Rusert and Pedersen, 2016) |0.098 |0.340| 0.998 |0.507|[WordNet’s Missing Lemmas](https://aclanthology.org/S16-1211/)|
|Baseline: First word, first sense (Jurgens and Pilehvar, 2016) |0.415| 0.514| 1.000| 0.679|[SemEval-2016 Task 14: Semantic Taxonomy Enrichment](https://aclanthology.org/S16-1169/)|
|Baseline: Random synset (Jurgens and Pilehvar, 2016) | 0.000 |0.227| 1.000| 0.370|[SemEval-2016 Task 14: Semantic Taxonomy Enrichment](https://aclanthology.org/S16-1169/)|

####  Diachronic WordNet Datasets

> The SemEval-2016 Task 14 setting implies pre-defined glosses. However, it is possible that new words tobe added to the taxonomy may have no definition in any other sources: they could be very rare (“apparatchik”, “falanga”), relatively new (“selfie”, “hashtag”) or come from a narrow domain (“vermiculite”).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SemEval-2016 Task 14 setting implies pre-defined glosses. However, it is possible that new words that should be added to the taxonomy may have no definition in any other sources: they could be very rare (“apparatchik”, “falanga”), relatively new (“selfie”, “hashtag”) or come from a narrow domain (“vermiculite”).
```
